
physics
	jumping over the fences
		and not getting hit by things on levels above you
		and when jumping down, almost immediately considering you "of the level below"
	you should have a max run speed relative to your footing, not a global max x and y velocity
	you should be pulled towards the center of a vehicle when off the edge somewhat and when not accelerating left or right
	hold down while against a wall to fall
	wall run instead of "jumping" straight up a wall
	crouching and floor sliding
	maybe maximize x velocity when jumping and holding left or right?
	and maybe allow left/right a few frames after jumping
	maybe have a sort of "queue" of "descensions" (that timeout eventually) so you can double-tap <DESCEND> to go down twice?
	or maybe just have it so if you held <DESCEND> while in the air you'll descend any floors until you release <DESCEND>
	do flips if you press up while in the air (visual)
	maybe auto-jump between vehicles
		note: you will want to go down onto empty train cars
	clinging to ends of cars
		holding down while going off the edge
		jump onto the back/front if mostly stopped
	ragdollization when hit

input
	keys for crouching and dropping
		Shift for crouch
		Ctrl for crouch
		Down for which?
		Space?
	keyboard customization
	gamepad support

health and death

establish scale
	bigger vehicles relative to the size of the player

environment
	less monotonously horizontal layouts
	sections where you can't go up
	ladders
	stairs
		fire escapes (sometimes visual only?)
	static hazards
	buildings
		health stations
		buildings you can "enter" like a train station / railway platform
		factories
		Ricky's Railside Restaurant
			"For real railroad... food"
			bags of food hang on poles over the tracks to be picked up by passing cars
			can be used as the background for the title screen
	visual
		neon signs
		wanted/warning signs
		lampposts?
		electrical wiring
			(maybe with physics, only simulated when visible)
			(moved by wind from passing vehicles)
		pipes
		support structures
		birds, and maybe other animals
		weather? probably not

cars stop at some buildings
	traffic ensues; can help to make the game easier

trains
	passenger trains
		helicopter avoids shooting
	empty cars needed to go through low clearance tunnels
	big trains you can't jump up onto but can crouch under
	wheel sparks (visual)
	bullet trains (insta-kill)
	skylines
	SWAT trains
		machine gun on top
		guys come out and shoot you

something that forces you down
	like shutes and ladders! LOL
	like a thing that lowers trains or cargo or something

at the start of the game, there's one level you can drop down without dying,
but after that you would drop to immediate death in a river of garbage

storyline:
	train crashes
	prisoners escape (u r 1)
	other characters with AI, a few of whom are (very) competent
	cops show up
	police start out non-lethal and killing civilians turns them lethal (early)
	helicopter with gun (sorta like Hunted Forever) eventually shows up
drone strikes
	see target (you're a cyborg) locked on to ground where you were
	see drone fly by in background (visual)
snipers in background buildings
	similar to drones but static positioning and more dynamic aiming
an enemy that flies back and forth between the foreground and background
	a helicopter drone?

special abilities
	energy bar
	getting augmentation inhibitors removed
		maybe using codes dropped from enemies
	and/or getting new augmentations
	/upgrades
	super jump: higher + better wall jumping if we don't make that the default
	maybe a grappling hook
	maybe a force field (late game)
	electric magnet boots for un-overshooting jumps
	gun that can blow up cars
	sprint
	capacitor on the tracks that you can get energy from (and blow up)

music
	I've got tons of musical ideas recorded over the years, but need to make some actual tracks
	industrial (in-duh-strial)
	dynamic progression
sfx
	jumping/landing
	cars going by with dynamic doppler effect

character animations
	idle
	balancing stance (wider) for when on a moving vehicle?
	running
	jumping (maybe alternating arms)
	falling
	vaulting over fence
	jumping down when no fence (maybe just use crouching animation somehow?)
	ducking / crouching
	landing? (maybe a cross between jumping and crouching and running)
	getting hit
		(btw - if hit in arm, it should spark)
	wall jumping
		(btw - when sliding down, hand could spark)
	wall run
	turning? skidding?
	rolling or sliding
	running up against a wall / leaning
	TODO: use alternate hand segment when wall-sliding
	TODO: make falling animations look good
		pre-interpolate between the two falling frames (and maybe the jumping frame as well?) like is done with the running animation
		the arm-tucking looks weird, like you're retracting it, not just lowering it
	TODO: when slowing down, try to end on a good frame of the walk cycle
		(transitions help a lot, but it still doesn't look natural ending inconsistently)
		(maybe a walk animation would help)
